Hi Sanket

I am writing it not in expect of we being together or anything, just to clarify which I wanted to express during our fights but it got converted in a way which made things aggravated.

a)	About Yesterday things, I felt bad coz you abused not over me but in general which is in a habit of yours and it’s not good for a longer term. I have seen people and how this impacts in their growing success which scares me to see you this way. Then, I felt bad coz you left me all alone in station even after coming there which comes in humanity but your aggression can’t see anything. I don’t understand , just after having a single fight with you, why do you think I disliked everything you did for me before. Even I was happy till I finished my writing but the way you behaved on my single mistakes make me feel I mean no importance in your life. Even after then, I tried to normalise things after getting so hurt and crying but you were like, “I’m not interested in short conversations” and then “if you wouldn’t ever come back, we wouldn’t have gone to my pregnancy issues”, WHY IT’S MY ONLY FAULT? I feel you as the other part of my life which make me to come back even after so much hurt, but you just ignore this fact. 
b)	In the morning, I cuddled you with a thought that things are alright now , he will understand it but you started accusing me for your slow start of morning and then I was looking kurta for you so I asked something where you were like “I am lying !!” Why this?????? What have I done to you? Isn’t it a mental torture like I have been trying so hard to make things better but you just pay attentions to words not intentions. And abusing me is always normal for you. That time, I was having headache due to hunger which had converted into migraine later but you left me with no options so I came back home after walking for so long in strong sunlight, DO YOU really understand MY PAIN?????????? But I always do.

Well, the point of saying such thing is to make you realise that I really want you to grow with me or without me, and have a strong care of your health and understanding about people surround you coz you may excel in what you want but can’t go farther without the support of a team. I just wanted to guide and teach you through the same skills and that is the reason I mentioned that you don’t connect with people on a personal level. 
I know, everyone has their own way of achieving things but I want you to learn it out of my experience. If you remember my aggression then remember things when I speak without aggression, I WANT YOU TO GET WHAT YOU EVER WANTED and JUST FOCUS ON THAT. 

Thanks and Regards
Aruna Singh
